feat(curriculum): adding JS and A11y quiz questions (#61616)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-js-a11y/68376949899fcbad3c9cac23.md

#### --distractors--

`aria-live-regions`

---

`aria-lives`

---

`aria-live-region`

#### --answer--

`aria-live`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following `div` elements will be disabled only to people using assistive technologies, such as screen readers?

#### --distractors--

```html
<div role="button" tabindex="-1" aria-disables="true">Edit</div>
```

---

```html
<div role="button" tabindex="-1" aria-disabling="true">Edit</div>
```

---

```html
<div role="button" tabindex="-1" aria-disable="true">Edit</div>
```

#### --answer--

```html
<div role="button" tabindex="-1" aria-disabled="true">Edit</div>
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is a valid use of the `aria-expanded` attribute?

#### --distractors--

```html
<button aria-expanded="expand">Menu</button>
```

---

```html
<button aria-expanded="allow">Menu</button>
```

---

```html
<button aria-expanded="set">Menu</button>
```

#### --answer--

```html
<button aria-expanded="true">Menu</button>
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following attributes is used to create a programmatic relationship between an element that controls the presence of another element on the page?

Author: ```suggestion
Which attribute is used to create a programmatic relationship between a controlling element and the element it affects on the page?
```

> Which of the following attributes is used to create a programmatic relationship between an element that controls the presence of another element on the page?

Author: maybe this is clearer?

Which attribute is used to create a programmatic relationship between a controlling element and the element it affects on the page?

> Which of the following attributes is used to create a programmatic relationship between an element that controls the presence of another element on the page?

Reviewer: yes, that's much more clear

#### --distractors--

`aria-set`

---

`aria-region`

---

`aria-expanded`

#### --answer--

`aria-controls`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is NOT a common use case for live regions?

#### --distractors--

> Messages that are displayed after an action has been taken(such as an error message or confirmation).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Messages that are displayed after an action has been taken (such as an error message or confirmation).
```

I prefer spaces before parenthesis. I think that's standard - but I'm fine leaving them if you want.

Reviewer 2: Looks like Dario already suggested these

---

Content that updates periodically(such as a ticker, marquee, or countdown timer).

---

> General status messages(such as updates about a process).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
General status messages (such as updates about a process).
```

#### --answer--

> Messages that are displayed before an action has been taken(such as a confirmation dialog).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Messages that are displayed before an action has been taken (such as a confirmation dialog).
```
